This is an experimental bugfix release. It is a mandatory update for testnet
nodes.

Added retrievePrunedTransaction API. This API can be used to force retrieval
of the prunable data for a given transaction, even if past the configured
nxt.maxPrunableLifetime. Using this API to retrieve pruned data however does
not increase its lifetime, i.e. at the next scheduled table trimming the data
will be pruned again if expired. This API queries all currently available
archival peers, until the missing data is found, therefore it can take some
time to complete, and can also return no results if there are no such peers
online, or none of them has the requested data. Consistent with the behavior
of getTransaction and related API, the returned transaction JSON will not have
the prunable parts included if they have expired and
nxt.includeExpiredPrunable=false (default is true), but if those parts have
been successfully restored, they can be requested using the more specific APIs
such as getPrunableMessage, getTaggedData, etc.

The getPrunableMessage, getTaggedData, and downloadTaggedData APIs now support
optional "retrieve" parameter, default false. If the corresponding data has
been pruned and retrieve is true, an attempt will be made to retrieve the data
from archival peers, as if using the retrievePrunedTransaction API.

Added getReferencingTransactions API, to retrieve the transactions referencing
a given transaction id.

Added getLinkedPhasedTransactions API, to retrieve phased transactions with
by-transaction voting model for a given linkedFullHash, regardless of their
phasing status (pending, approved or rejected). Since the corresponding table
is trimmed after finish height however, the result will not include those
transactions that finished before the last trimming height.

Incompatible change:
The taggedData field in the getAllTaggedData API response has been renamed to
data, for consistency with the other get*TaggedData APIs.

Increased maximum leasing period to 65535 blocks, to take effect after the
hard fork.

Shuffling UI improvements.

Updated Jetty to version 9.3.6 and slf4j to version 1.7.13. Make sure to
delete the old lib folder if unpacking over a previous installation.

