The 1.6 series is no longer considered experimental. If upgrading from 1.5.15
or earlier, see the 1.6.0e and 1.6.1e changelogs for other important changes
in 1.6.

The account ledger now uses transaction id as event id for all events except
block generation. To apply this change, the account ledger table will be
automatically truncated on upgrade to this release. Users who desire to
restore the deleted past account ledger entries should run a full rescan from
the API test page. Note that account ledger records are only kept for 30000
blocks by default.

Added currency transfers history page to the Monetary System UI.

Added generate hallmark dialog to facilitate hallmarking your node. The host
field is pre-populated with the external node address as detected by UPnP.
Note that when using dynamic IP address you should set up and use a dynamic
DNS hostname instead of the numeric IP for the hallmark. And when using a
non-default port, the host field should be filled as host:port.

Added "clear results" link in the ShapeShift My Exchanges section, to allow
clearing past transaction history. As this history data is being retrieved
from the ShapeShift servers, it allows correlating Nxt accounts previously
used for exchange transactions with the current user IP address and with each
other, thus clearing history after no longer needed is important for the user
privacy.

Added includeAssetInfo or includeCurrencyInfo parameters, default false, to
the getAccountAssets, getAccountCurrencies, getAccountExchangeRequests,
getExpectedAssetTransfers, and getExpectedCurrencyTransfers APIs.

Tabs are now sorted mostly alphabetically on the API test page.

Added nxt.hideErrorDetails property, default false, to allow suppressing node
specific configuration details in error messages returned to peers.

Increased default prunable lifetime setting to 90 days. Minimum enforced is
still 2 weeks.

The UPnP connection timeouts are now also configurable in nxt.properties.

Updated Bouncy Castle library to version 1.53, Jetty to version 9.3.5, IzPack
installer to 5.0.5, and weupnp to 0.1.4. Make sure to delete the old lib
folder if unpacking over a previous installation.

