This is an experimental release. It is a required update for all testnet nodes,
optional for main net.

This release enables taking multiple snapshots of accounts NXT balances, every
60 blocks, for a period of 90 days, and distributing an FXT token based on the
average of those balances, at the end of the snapshot, to be used for the FXT
forging chain token distribution in Nxt 2.0.

On testnet, the snapshot will start at block 632000 and end at block 761600.
On mainnet, the snapshot will start at block 855000 and end at block 984600.

Since on testnet the starting block is in the past, on upgrade to this release
a blockchain rescan will be performed automatically in order to calculate past
account balances. Those who delay upgrading their mainnet nodes until after
block 855000 will also experience such a rescan. However, the hard fork block
is set at the end of the snapshot, so the final deadline for upgrading to 1.9
is at blocks 761600 and 984600 respectively.

To get your FXT tokens, it is essential that you keep your NXT balance in your
own account. There is no need to run a node or forge. It is the confirmed NXT
balance that is used for the snapshot, not the unconfirmed (available) balance,
so having some NXT locked in open AE bid orders, shufflings, etc, will not
affect your FXT distribution. For balances on exchange accounts, it will be up
to each exchange to handle the re-distribution of the FXT tokens that will get
automatically sent to the exchange account at snapshot end.

A new getFxtQuantity API has been added, which allows retrieving the already
accumulated FXT quantity for each account during the snapshot, and an estimate
for the quantity yet to be obtained.

Added some additional transaction bytes validation, and phasing parameters
validation, to take effect after the hardfork.

Minor bugfixes and UI improvements.

Updated H2 library to version 1.4.192, tika to 1.13, and slf4j to 1.7.21. If
installing manually, make sure to delete the old lib folder first.

