This is an experimental release. It adds several new features, which however do
not require a hard fork.


JavaFX UI:

A desktop wallet UI, mostly equivalent to the in-browser UI, is launched on
supported platforms automatically when the server is started by clicking on
the Nxt desktop icon or start menu shortcut.

More details about the JavaFX UI are available at:
https://bitbucket.org/JeanLucPicard/nxt/issues/338/desktop-wallet

The installer now creates a start and stop menu shortcuts and desktop icons on
Unix platforms too, which start the NRS client in desktop mode. From the
command line, use the new start.sh script to start the client in desktop mode,
and the corresponding stop.sh script to stop it. The start.sh and stop.sh
scripts can be run from any directory.

Incompatible change:

Note that when run in desktop mode on Unix, the ~/.nxt directory is now used to
store configuration files, logs, and the nxt_db blockchain database. This makes
it simpler to upgrade to a new version, by deleting the content of the old nxt
installation directory, as no user configuration files or database files are
stored in it.

The run.sh script continues to use command line mode, i.e. does not attempt to
start the desktop wallet and desktop tray icon, and continues to use the nxt
installation directory from within which it must be run to store the nxt_db
database, logs, and configuration files. Users who want to use desktop mode but
still use the nxt installation directory instead of ~/.nxt for those files can
use the run-desktop.sh script instead.


Account Monitor:

The new Account Monitor feature provides monitoring account balances, and their
automated replenishment from a funding account, based on account properties set
by the funding account to the monitored accounts.

NXT, asset, or currency balances can be monitored. If a balance falls below
the configured threshold, a transaction will be submitted to transfer units
from the funding account to the monitored account. A transfer will remain
pending if the number of blocks since the previous transfer transaction is less
than the interval configured for the monitor.

The APIs for the Account Monitor feature are StartAccountMonitor,
GetAccountMonitor, and StopAccountMonitor. Detailed documentation for those is
provided in the API javadoc files.


Client UI page or modal redirection. By adding page or modal parameters to the
http://localhost:7876/index.html URL, the client can be redirected to open a
specific page or modal pop-up, with pre-populated parameter values.
For usage example, see:
https://bitbucket.org/JeanLucPicard/nxt/pull-requests/42/added-page-redirect-modal-popup-with

The nxt.apiSSLCiphers property can be used to select which SSL ciphers should
be enabled for the API server when using SSL.

Unless overridden in nxt.myPlatform, the real system platform is now shown in
the peer info, as found in the java os.platform and os.arch system properties.

Other minor bugfixes and optimizations.

Updated jetty to version 9.3.7, lucene to 5.3.2, and slf4j to 1.7.15. Delete
the old lib directory when installing on top of a previous installation.


